>> Scott Moss: Well, let's hop into
our exercise which is going to be,
>> Scott Moss: What's this?, lesson 3,
yeah, so let's check out lesson-3.
And in this lesson,
you're gonna be making unions
and interfaces and
you're gonna have to resolve them.
So first things first,
if you look in the task resolvers file,
there's a resolve type
with a comment in it.
That's asking you to resolve this task and
that's because if you look in a task
GraphQL file,
there is a type here called Task.
But there are instructions above and that
says there are two types of tasks indeed,
cuz there is a type property on them.
One is called DevTask,
the other one is called DesignTask.
You need to separate this test
type into an interface and
then have the dev task and
the design task implement that interface.
And here are the specific fields for each
other tasks or each other type really.
So for
a dev task type it has a Repo field For
a design task type that
has an assetUrl field, but
they both implement all of these
similar fields from the task interface.
So you need to convert this task
type into a task interface,
create two new types that
implement these similar fields but
also implement their
own individual fields.
One is called devTask,
the other one is called designTask and
then back into the task resolvers,
you need to resolve that type.
And you could tell GraphQL what type it
is, by using this resolveType function.
Hint, there's a type property on the task,
so look at that and if you wanna know what
those types are, it's pointing
to an enum that says task type.
Look at that, one says design and
one says dev, so
let's take a look at that, so that's one.
The other thing you'll need to do is,
there is now a search folder,
if you're looking at search
folder in the graphQL file,
it's asking you to do something in here.
It's saying you must create a union or
interface here, think about it.
>> Scott Moss: Think about it,
make sure to name it search result.
Because I have a query down here called
search that's expecting to return
an array of the union or interface
that you create call search result.
>> Scott Moss: And if you're in that
same folder, the search folder,
there's also a search resolver.
You can see, it's asking you to
resolve the type of that interface or
union that you created.
So you should look at that and
know what to return.
So a SearchResult should be able to return
>> Scott Moss: A project,
a task, it can return either one of those,
Sso you need to determine,
on what field do you wanna
look at to return that?
And also remember,
a task is now two different types now,
cuz you're writing interface for that.
So really, a search result is returning
a project, a dev task and a design task.
It’s actually the exact same example
that I just showed you with the people,
the cat and the dog.
Where the cat and the dog were
both animals on an interface and
the person was separate type,
it’s the exact same example.
So that’s what you’ll be doing here.
>> Scott Moss: Any questions on that?
So again,
you're gonna be writing the unions or
interfaces in the GraphQL files and
then the appropriate resolver files,
you'll be writing the function
to resolve those types.
Everything else is pretty much wired up,
shouldn't have to touch anything else.